Your Yin Sand Qi has been collected by me
This jade pendant cannot be used.
Catch ghosts
What yin and yang
Why can't I see?
You are mortal with naked eyes
Of course not.
It's normal, since you can understand my yin evil
Then can I treat Han Zheng?
That's easier
Chen Hao
Miss Ye, he is just a charlatan
The magic stick who wants to get your attention
Your Han Zhenglian, Dean Zhao and Dr. Shu
Can't be cured
He said it was easy
Miss Chen Haoye's status is extraordinary
His natural Han Zheng is very tricky
You can't cure him by giving him hope now
The consequences are something you can't afford
Miss, I think this person is 80% a liar
He can't deceive you by looking at the evil in front of him
I just want to deceive you with Zhihan Zheng
Han Zheng treated by burning volcanoes
Can be cured
If you don't believe me, you can try it.
Burning volcanoes I have used
I didn't think about it, hahaha.
A piece of trash can't hold it, right?
Dr. Su said your method doesn't work
Hey, you said you're not a liar.
I'm talking about old-fashioned young women
He said that the ancient young woman has long been lost
You spent a few years in prison
It will, if you can make it out today
I will call you dad
This is the bullet command pin.